docs/operations/tutorials.md, before:

# Tutorials

!!! tip "Good to know"
        These tutorials are based on IRIS v1.2.1 and offers only a basic overview of IRIS. New versions offer more features, not showcased on this page. 

## Cases
### Create a new case
<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/1_case_creation.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case summary

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/2_case_summary.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case notes

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/3_case_notes.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case IOCs

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/4_case_iocs.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case assets

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/5_case_assets.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case timeline

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/6_case_timeline.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case graph

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/7_case_graph.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case tasks

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/8_case_tasks.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case evidences

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/9_case_evidences.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case task logs

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/10_case_tasklogs.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case reports

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/11_case_reports.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


## Operations

### Global searches

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/12_op_search.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

Commit message:

[UPD] Updated documentation for new release and modules

docs/operations/tutorials.md, after:

# Tutorials

!!! tip "Good to know"
        These tutorials are based on IRIS v1.2.1 and offers only a basic overview of IRIS. New versions offer more features, not showcased on this page. It will be updated at some point in the future.  

## Cases
### Create a new case
<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/1_case_creation.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case summary

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/2_case_summary.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case notes

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/3_case_notes.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case IOCs

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/4_case_iocs.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case assets

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/5_case_assets.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


### Case timeline

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/6_case_timeline.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case graph

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/7_case_graph.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case tasks

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/8_case_tasks.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case evidences

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/9_case_evidences.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case task logs

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/10_case_tasklogs.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Case reports

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/11_case_reports.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>


## Operations

### Global searches

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
<source src="../../_static/tuto/12_op_search.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>
